-- bugs --
H	battering ram is not moving when assault target is set
	the destination is inside an obstacle and path_find fails
H	F troops bar not visualized correctly when it goes out of the screen
H	computer doesn't move the pawns during an assault
H	two horses blocked during battle (neither attacks an archer)
	when they start moving, they collide again
M	fast units cannot always catch up with slow units even when they are close enough (seen with light cavalry and peasant)

-- features --
H	AI improvements
	computer attacks with incredibly small army
	computers tend to accumulate huge armies in a single region
	treating each troop separately when finding local maximum in AI will have bad results
	computer doesn't attack when it should
	computer keeps the army away from dangerous regions (instead of the other way around)
	computer cannot recover well from having negative food income
	in battle, AI is too slow when there are many pawns
	in battle, pawns move randomly when there are too many pawns
	when shooters attack a melee pawn and there is nowhere to run, the melee should attack back
	enemy should stay inside garrison when there are shooters
	shooters don't always shoot when they can
	// how to debug: display calculated rating after making a change in input_map
H	support dismissing troops (add a flag in struct troop)
H	use a separate thread to calculate computer turns while the local player is choosing what to play
	add indicator (e.g. lighted bulb) for the players who have completed their turn
H	better support for hotseat (show animations to each player, warn before changing current player and showing their map, choose player names, etc.)
	before battle tell which local players are in the battle (or maybe alliances)
	display region name during battle
H	error reporting on invalid map
	fix crash on invalid map (while freeing resources)
H	handle different screen resolutions better
H	region population
	income should be calculated as a function of the population
	one should be able to tell the population which resource to produce
	better food mechanics; food should not be accumulated indefinately
H	balance battles
	improve auto combat
	most of the pawn->count usually get killed at the same time (the round when the pawn dies)
H	when a target is impossible, set target to the closest possible (e.g. if shooting range is not enough or a position is outside the battlefield)
H	when a region is invaded, garrison troops should have the option to fight
M	battle: don't allow attacking if the attacker cannot do damage to the defender (due to weapon and armor type)
M	? melee units should go closer to the shooter to prevent them from escaping far enough to shoot
M	region-specific features (income, population, units, buildings, battlefield)
	population growth
	army recruitment should reduce population
	use BLOCKAGE_TERRAIN
M	improve AI (formation AI, etc.)
M	make formation consistent with the new battle mechanics
M	do something when there is not enough food for all units (?kill some units)
M	assault towers
M	map scrolling
M	keyboard support in various places in the interface; mouse support in various places in the interface
M	network game (using SCTP?)
M	improve world loading/saving
	support JSON comments
	support comma after last item
	log (level error) the line on which parse error occurs
	log (level error) when a compulsory field is not present or has the wrong type
	log (level warning) when an optional field has the wrong type; assume the field is not present for the execution logic
	refactor (simplify) the code using these ideas
M	catapult, balista
M	add ACTION_GUARD in battle
	the pawn is told an area which to guard; if an enemy goes into that area, the pawn sets ACTION_FIGHT on that enemy (this may happen in the middle between rounds)
L	editor: position region neighbors properly
L	retreat can be abused for scouting (25 peasants can go and retreat for 1 food)
	maybe make retreat take some time (1 or 2 rounds); that way only fast units will be able to retreat
	maybe allow retreat only when the pawns are near the border of the battlefield?
	currently attackers retreating from an assault are killed; is this okay?
L	support splitting troops
L	limited number of shots
L	assault garrison destruction and repair
L	armory, swordsman, crossbowman, heavy cavalry, horse archer
L	assault moat
L	sound
L	water; naval battles
L	roads
L	trade
L	religions, ethnicities, languages
L	dynamic alliances
L	seasons
L	? buildings should not generate income on the day they are built
L	? implement exit game while in battle
L	make palisade invisible when fortress is built

? rename WEAPON_ARROW to WEAPON_PIERCING and change archer melee weapon to WEAPON_PIERCING

? dynamic battlefield size
? deal damage to each pawn escaping from enemy pawns

refactoring
	use 'struct point' only for drawing (draw.h) (fix point_eq calls)
		remove struct region dependency on struct point by moving center and location_garrison into location
	make it simpler to check if two players are allies
	? rename image to sprite
	? change direction of everything to counterclockwise; currently the y axis is in the opposite direction (and the cross product is negated)
	? redesign input functions (handling mouse movement is tedious; handling writing should be unified; can I unify the two input functions?)
	? unify ACTION_FIGHT and ACTION_ASSAULT

-- interface --

H	screen refresh works awful (e.g. during an animation)
M	display a mirror image of enemy troops
	? display an ellipse with the owner below the troop (instead of changing some pixels in the sprite)
M	custom mouse pointer
M	improve player colors
M	flag patterns
M	show troops count, health, etc. only when alt is pressed

button input bottom and right coordinates should be exclusive (... - 1)

images
H	fortress*.png, fortress_gate*.png
H	assault indicator on the map

menu
H	startup image
H	display minimap
M	no name editing after a world has been selected
L	directory tabs images

battle
H	display calculated pawn moves (not a straight line)
H	when two pawns from different alliances are next to each other, display red line between them (to show that they are fighting)
H	fight animation (display which units are fighting)
H	display round number and number of rounds until retreat
H	new wall and gate images; open gate image
H	tell all players if somebody is retreating
H	show gate strength if if there is a pawn on top of it
H	display open gate when there is a pawn on top of the gate
M	hide mouse pointer during animation
M	support showing more pawn stats (not just health)
M	change image for pawn selection
M	think about displaying reachable locations for a pawn
M	add battlefield animation indication when an enemy pawn makes a pawn stop (due to collision)
M	? movement and shoot animation is faster when its duration is shorter

report
H	display minimap
H	in battle report, display which players retreated (maybe show white flag)
M	group players by alliances and show indicator for the alliance

map
H	display current month and year
H	improve boxes for field and garrison troops (it's not obvious one can place units there until there are units)
H	show income/expenses adjusted for troop movement (troops moved to garrison, attacking troops, etc.)
H	troop bar for just battering ram is not displayed on the map (because it's just 1 troop)
H	troop movement animation
M	one should be able to tell all troops to go on assault
M	village image (will be displayed to the left of troops bar)
M	more tooltips
M	right clicking on a garrison on the map should be the same as clicking for assault
M	indicate on the map which region is selected (maybe with a border around it?)
M	show region-specific expenses
M	support showing troop stats
M	redesign arrows showing troop movement
